Civilian Action Card:
- Perform one of the following actions:
    1. Repair:
        - Damaged units:
            - First three units for free
            - The rest should be at:
                - 1x IG for each space unit
                - 1x CG for each ground unit
        - Damaged buildings:
            - Buildings to be repaired for half of their cost if they are damaged
    2. Build Space ship(s):
        - Build one space ship at one stardock paying its cost
            1. Assign the new space ship to a fleet at its startsystem or any neighburing startsystem
            2. If no fleet available: either create a new fleet if the ship is a flagship, 
            or add the ship to any one planet card available in that star system that you controll
    3. Build building:
        - Build one building on one planet in selected star system with at least one IG population filled,
        then add the building on the planet card
    4. Launch a Stardock:
        I. Select a star system with at least one IG population district filled
        II. Pay for stardock
        III. Place the stardock token on the star system tile.
    5. Recruit Ground unit(s):
        I. on any number of star systems with at least one populated IG district
        II. Recruit one ground unit per populated IG district in the star system
            - Remove one pop from a CG district
            - Pay the cost of the unit
        III. place the unit(s) on any planet of that star system
    6. Populate Planets:
        I.   Select a star system where you have a planet you control
        II.  Select one planet which no one controlls or on same planet
        III. Pay 1x CG to add a CG Pop on it (if available)
        IV.  Pay 1x CG to add a ECO Pop on it (if available)
        V.   Only if all other districts are occupied: pay 1xCG + 1xEco to add an IG Pop to an Industrial district.
            (*) if no other districts types are available on a planet surface you can directly add an IG Pop paying its costs normally.
    7. Research:
        I.   Pay for tech.
        II.  Some tech need rare elements produced only be event cards
        III. Some tech may apply only to one fleet
    8. Upgrade units:
        - player may upgrade any number unit(s):
            1. Space units must be at a own or friendly stardock
            2. Units may be part of a fleet, or not
            3. Ground units must be in a space system with occupied IG district.
            4. Pay the difference of units level
            5. replace the unit with the new level unit