Civilian Action Card:
- Perform one of the following actions:
    1. Repair:
        - Damaged units:
            - first three units for free
            - the rest should be at:
                - 1x IG for each space unit
                - 1x CG for each space unit
        - Damaged buildings:
            - Buildings to be repaired for half of their cost if they are damaged
    2. Build Space ship(s):
        - build one space ship at one stardock paying its cost
            1. assign the new space ship to a fleet at its startsystem or any neighburing startsystem
            2. if no fleet available: either create a new fleet if the ship is a flagship, 
            or add the ship to any one planet card available in that star system that you controll
    3. Build building:
        - Build one building on one planet in selected star system with at least one IG population filled,
        then add the building on the planet card
    4. Launch a Stardock:
        I. select a star system with at least one IG population district filled
        II. pay for stardock
        III. place the stardock token o nthe star system tile.
    5. Recruit Ground unit(s):
        I. on any number of star systems with at least one populated IG district
        II. recruit one ground unit per populated IG district in the star system
        III. place the unit(s) on any planet of that star system
    6. Populate Planets:
        I.   select a star system where you have a planet you control
        II.  select one planet which no one controlls or on same planet
        III. pay 1x CG to add a CG Pop on it (if available)
        IV.  pay 1x CG to add a ECO Pop on it (if available)
        V.   Only if all other districts are occupied: pay 1xCG + 1xEco to add an IG Pop to an Industrial district.
            (*) if no other districts types are available on a planet surface you can directly add an IG Pop paying its costs normally.
    7. Research:
        I.   Pay for tech.
        II.  some tech need rare elements produced only be event cards
        III. some tech may apply only to one fleet
    8. Upgrade units:
        - player may upgrade any number unit(s):
            1. Space units must be at a own or friendly stardock
            2. Units may be part of a fleet, or not
            3. Ground units must be in a space system with occupied IG district.
            4. Pay the difference of units level
            5. replace the unit with the new level unit
            

            
